feat(HTTP): Refresh 3XX response pages (#35353)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/308/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`308 Permanent Redirect`** [redirection response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#redirection_messages) status code indicates that the resource requested has been definitively moved to the URL given by the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} headers.
> A browser redirects automatically to the new page, and the ranking value in search engines (colloquially named "link juice" in {{Glossary("SEO")}} terms) is sent to the new URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`308 Permanent Redirect`** [redirection response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#redirection_messages) status code indicates that the resource requested has been definitively moved to the URL given by the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} headers.

A browser receiving this status will automatically request the resource at the URL in the `Location` header, redirecting the user to the new page.
Search engines receiving this response will attribute any links to the new URL, contributing to its SEO search ranking.
```
